Snowcap some for a little know restore in this video start working with the shipping methods that we
have available in combers.
So first I'm going to click it on all comers and from here on when I click on settings from here it
will find a dive that is called Shippen and you can click here
and you can see the second option is shipping options so what are going to open these in a note that
so here you can make some adjustments.
And for example the one with shipping is a good idea to have these check.
So make sure you have these enable and the other ones are.
OK.
So the full.
So why don't I start working with the shipping sands and what are going to create a new ship in some
sort of the market here shipping some and from here I'm going to name these something like United States
and from here you can click and you can select the countries where this ship in Spain is going to apply.
So for example in my case I went to create a shop in sun for the United States and other shipping south
for Mexico and Canada and another ship and so on for the rest of the world.
So we're looking for the United States right here.
So I am a United States man and I said look these when ever I'm going I say changes then I'm going to
be kid again and be in Sons and what are going to create another one.
I'm going to call these North America and from here I'm going to Solich Ghana and I'm going to sound
like Mexico.
So all the customers that we have from Canada and Mexico we're going to that ship in metals right here
say the changes in Finally if you if we can make on shipping sands you will find that we have location
not cover by your other songs.
So this is going to be the ship and so on for the rest of the world.
You know we have our ship in song for the United States and then we have another one from Canada in
Mexico.
And this one is going to be for the rest of the world.
So in the next video we're going to start working with the United States ship and so on and we're going
out on a ship in metals and prices and everything.